Minutes:
    Asked about our group's meeting time, and if there was an agreed upon time to meet.
    - Answered that we have one agreed upon time to meet Mondays, and are thinking about more.

    Asked if our group has a communication platform to discuss project details.
    - Yes, we are using Discord. All group members are on it.

    Asked about the status of our group's project propsal.
    - Answered that it is mostly complete, and that a few details are being ironed out.

    Asked to describe our group's project. After description was given, TA recommended that a 
    communication system could be implemented for users to chat together and request games.
    - We described that we might implement a way for users to play against opponents with similar
      total accumulated points.

    Asked about our group's APIs, then recommended when a user plays a chess game if a bad move
    is played a prompt can appear letting them know why it is bad.

    Asked to look at our wireframe. Said it looked good.

    Asked to look at our Use-Case Diagram. Said it needs to be updated with more seperate 
    use-cases.